## 1 Introduction

### 1.1 Document Purpose
Storage Workgroup specifications provide a comprehensive architecture for putting Storage Devices under policy control as determined by the trusted platform host, the capabilities of the Storage Device to conform to the policies of the trusted platform, and the lifecycle state of the Storage Device as a Trusted Peripheral.

### 1.2 Scope and Intended Audience
This specification defines the Opal Security Subsystem Class (SSC). Any Storage Device that claims compliance to the Opal SSC SHALL conform to this specification.

The intended audience for this specification is both trusted Storage Device manufacturers and developers that want to use these Storage Devices in their systems.

### 1.3 Conventions

#### 1.3.1 Key Words
Key words are used to signify SSC requirements.

The Key Words “SHALL”, “SHALL NOT”, “SHOULD,” and “MAY” are used in this document. These words are a subset of the RFC 2119 (see [1]) key words used by TCG. These key words are to be interpreted as described in [1].

In addition to the above key words, the following are also used in this document to describe the requirements of particular features, including tables, methods, and usages thereof.

- **Mandatory (M)**: When a feature is Mandatory, the feature SHALL be implemented. A Compliance test SHALL validate that the feature is operational.
- **Optional (O)**: When a feature is Optional, the feature MAY be implemented. If implemented, a Compliance test SHALL validate that the feature is operational.
- **Excluded (X)**: When a feature is Excluded, the feature SHALL NOT be implemented. A Compliance test SHALL validate that the feature is not operational.
- **Not Required (N)**: When a feature is Not Required, the feature MAY be implemented. No Compliance test is required.

#### 1.3.2 Font Conventions
Names of methods and SP tables are in *Courier New font* (e.g., the Set method, the Locking table). This convention does not apply to method and table names appearing in headings or captions.

Hexadecimal numbers are in *Courier New font*. All other text is in the Arial font.

#### 1.3.3 Statement Types
Please note a very important distinction between different sections of text throughout this document. There are two distinctive kinds of text: informative comment and normative statements.

Because most of the text in this specification will be of the kind normative statements, the authors have informally defined it as the default and, as such, have specifically called out text of the kind informative comment. They have done this by flagging the beginning and end of each informative comment and highlighting its text in gray.

This means that unless text is specifically marked as of the kind informative comment, it can be considered a kind of normative statements.

**EXAMPLE: Start of Informative Comment**

This is the first paragraph of 1–n paragraphs containing text of the kind informative comment ...

This is the second paragraph of text of the kind informative comment ...

This is the nth paragraph of text of the kind informative comment ...

**END OF INFORMATIVE COMMENT**