(e.g., 0 0101 1010b or 0_0101_1010b).

A hexadecimal number is represented in this specification by any sequence of digits consisting of only the Western-Arabic numerals 0 through 9 and/or the uppercase English letters A through F immediately preceded by “0x”. Underscores or spaces may be included between characters in hexadecimal number representations to increase readability or delineate field boundaries (e.g., 0xFD8C FA23 or 0x0B_FD8C_FA23). Hexadecimal numbers are in Courier New font.

A decimal number is represented in this specification by any sequence of digits consisting of only the Western-Arabic numerals 0 through 9 not immediately followed by a lowercase b or lowercase h (e.g., 25). This specification uses the following conventions for representing decimal numbers:

a) the decimal separator (i.e., separating the integer and fractional portions of the number) is a period;

b) the thousands separator (i.e., separating groups of three digits in a portion of the number) is a space; and

c) the thousands separator is used in both the integer portion and the fraction portion of a number.

A decimal number represented in this specification with an overline over one or more digits following the decimal point is a number where the overlined digits are infinitely repeating (e.g., 666.6̅ Error! Bookmark not defined. means 666.666 666… or 666 2/3, and 12.142857̅ means 12.142 857 142 857… or 12 1/7).

## 1.3.7 Bit Conventions

Name (n:m), where n is greater than m, denotes a set of bits (e.g., Feature (7:0)).

## 1.3.8 Number Range Conventions

p..q, where p is less than q, represents a range of numbers (e.g., words 100..103 represents words 100, 101, 102, and 103).

## 1.3.9 Specify and Indicate Conventions

In a given message, command, or other information exchange between a requestor (e.g., a host) and a responder (e.g., a Storage Device):

a) the word ‘specifies’ means that the requestor provides information in the request; and

b) the word ‘indicates’ means that the responder provides information in the response.

## 1.4 Document References

### 1.4.1 Document Precedence

If there is a conflict between this specification and any other reference, then the precedence is (where a lower number indicates higher precedence):

1. this specification;

2. references under development (see section 1.4.3); and

3. approved references (see section 1.4.2).

Each reference under development and each approved reference may specify its own document precedence.

### 1.4.2 Approved References

[1]. IETF RFC 2119, 1997, “Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate Requirement Levels”

[2]. Trusted Computing Group (TCG), “TCG Storage Architecture Core Specification”, Version 2.01

[3]. NIST, FIPS-197, 2001, “Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)”