### Table 15 - Supported Tokens (continued)

|----------|----|
| End List | EL |
| Start Name | SN |
| End Name | EN |
| Call | CALL |
| End of Data | EOD |
| End of session | EOS |
| Start transaction | ST |
| End of transaction | ET |
| Empty atom | MT |

The TPer SHALL support the above token atoms with the B bit set to zero or one and the S bit set to zero.

## 3.3.4.1.2 TCG Packets

Within a single IF-SEND/IF-RECV command, the TPer SHALL support a ComPacket containing one Packet, which contains one Subpacket. The host may discover TPer support of capabilities beyond this requirement in the parameters returned in response to a Properties method.

The TPer MAY ignore Credit Control Subpackets sent by the host. The host may discover TPer support of Credit Management with Level 0 Discovery. For more details refer to Section 3.1.1 Level 0 Discovery (M)

The TPer MAY ignore the AckType and Acknowledgement fields in the Packet header on commands from the host and set these fields to zero in its responses to the host. The host may discover TPer support of the TCG packet acknowledgement/retry mechanism with Level 0 Discovery. For more details refer to Section 3.1.1 Level 0 Discovery (M)

The TPer MAY ignore packet sequence numbering and not enforce any sequencing behavior. Refer to [2] for details on discovery of packet sequence numbering support.

## 3.3.4.1.3 Payload Error Response

The TPer SHALL respond according to the following rules if it encounters a streaming protocol violation:

- If the error is on Session Manager or is such that the TPer cannot resolve a valid session ID from the payload (i.e. errors in the ComPacket header or Packet header), then the TPer SHALL discard the payload and immediately transition to the “Awaiting IF-SEND” state.
- If the error occurs after the TPer has resolved the session ID, then the TPer SHALL abort the session and MAY prepare a CloseSession method for retrieval by the host.

## 3.3.5 Storage Device Resets

### 3.3.5.1 Interface Resets

Interface resets that generate TCG reset events are defined in [4].

Interface initiated TCG reset events SHALL result in:

1. All open sessions SHALL be aborted;
2. All uncommitted transactions SHALL be aborted;
3. All pending session startup activities SHALL be aborted;
4. All TCG command and response buffers SHALL be invalidated;