### Table 32 - DataRemovalMechansim Table Description (continued)

|-----|----------------------------|
| UID | ActiveDataRemovalMechanism |
| 00 00 11 01 | VU |
| 00 00 00 01 |  |

the Revert method, the RevertSP method or the GenKey method. If an attempt is made to set the ActiveDataRemovalMechanism column value to an unsupported value of the data_removal_mechanism type, then the Set method invocation SHALL result in the method failing with the status INVALID_PARAMETER.

## 4.2.7 Opal Additional Tables

### 4.2.7.1 DataRemovalMechansim (M)

The DataRemovalMechansim table SHALL contain exactly one row with UID = 0x00 00 11 01 00 00 00 01. The DataRemovalMechansim table SHALL be supported (see Table 33).

#### Table 33 - Admin SP – DataRemovalMechansim Table Preconfiguration

|-----|----------------------------|
| UID | ActiveDataRemovalMechanism |
| 00 00 11 01 | VU |
| 00 00 00 01 |  |

## 4.2.8 Crypto Template Tables

An Opal SSC compliant Storage Device is not required to support any Crypto template tables.

## 4.2.9 Crypto Template Methods

Refer to section 4.2.1.4 for supported methods.

### 4.2.9.1 Random

The TPer SHALL implement the Random method with the constraints stated in this subsection. TPer support of the following parameters is Mandatory:

- Count

Attempts to use unsupported parameters SHALL result in a method failure response with TCG status INVALID_PARAMETER. The TPer SHALL support Count parameter values less than or equal to 32.

## 4.3 Locking SP

### 4.3.1 Base Template Tables

All tables defined with (M) in section titles are Mandatory.

#### 4.3.1.1 SPInfo (M)

The SPInfo table is defined in [2], and Table 34 defines the Preconfiguration Data for the SPInfo table.

#### Table 34 - Locking SP - SPInfo Table Preconfiguration

|-----|------|------|------|-----------|------------------|---------|
| UID | SPID | Name | Size | SizeInUse | SPSessionTimeout | Enabled |
| 00 00 00 02 | 00 00 02 05 | "Locking" |  |  |  | T |
| 00 00 00 01 | 00 00 00 02 |  |  |  |  |  |

#### 4.3.1.2 SPTemplates (M)

The SPTemplates table is defined in [2], and Table 35 defines the Preconfiguration Data for the SPTemplates table.