## 1.3.5 List Conventions

### 1.3.5.1 Lists Overview

Lists are associated with an introductory paragraph or phrase, and are numbered relative to that paragraph or phrase (i.e., all lists begin with an a) or 1) entry).

Each item in a list is preceded by identification with the style of the identification being determined by whether the list is intended to be an ordered list or an unordered list.

If the item in a list is not a complete sentence, the first word in the item is not capitalized. If the item in a list is a complete sentence, the first word in the item is capitalized.

Each item in a list ends with a semicolon, except the last item, which ends in a period. The next to the last entry in the list ends with a semicolon followed by an “and” or an “or” (i.e., “…; and”, or “…; or”). The “and” is used if all the items in the list are required. The “or” is used if only one or more items in the list are required.

### 1.3.5.2 Unordered Lists

An unordered list is one in which the order of the listed items is unimportant (i.e., it does not matter where in the list an item occurs as all items have equal importance). Each list item shall start with a lowercase letter followed by a close parenthesis. If it is necessary to subdivide a list item further with an additional unordered list (i.e., have a nested unordered list), then the nested unordered list shall be indented and each item in the nested unordered list shall start with an uppercase letter followed by a close parenthesis.

The following is an example of an unordered list with a nested unordered list:

EXAMPLE - The following are the items for the assembly:  
a) a box containing:  
  A) a bolt;  
  B) a nut; and  
  C) a washer;  
b) a screwdriver; and  
c) a wrench.

### 1.3.5.3 Ordered Lists

An ordered list is one in which the order of the listed items is important (i.e., item n is required before item n+1). Each listed item starts with a Western-Arabic numeral followed by a close parenthesis. If it is necessary to subdivide a list item further with an additional unordered list (i.e., have a nested unordered list), then the nested unordered list shall be indented and each item in the nested unordered list shall start with an uppercase letter followed by a close parenthesis.

The following is an example of an ordered list with a nested unordered list:

EXAMPLE - The following are the instructions for the assembly:  
1) remove the contents from the box;  
2) assemble the item;  
  A) use a screwdriver to tighten the screws; and  
  B) use a wrench to tighten the bolts;  
  and  
3) take a break.

## 1.3.6 Numbering Conventions

A binary number is represented in this specification by any sequence of digits consisting of only the Western-Arabic numerals 0 and 1 immediately followed by a lowercase b (e.g., 0101b). Underscores or spaces may be included between characters in binary number representations to increase readability or delineate field boundaries