- The SP itself SHALL revert to its Original Factory State. While reverting to its Original Factory State, the TPer SHALL securely erase all personalization of the SP, and return personalized values to their Original Factory State values. The mechanism for erasure of personalization is implementation-specific.
- When the Revert method is successfully invoked on the SP object for the Admin SP (UID = 0x00 00 02 05 00 00 00 00 01), the entire TPer SHALL revert to its Original Factory State, including:
  - All Admin SP personalization with the exception of the PIN column value of the C_PIN_SID object. See section 5.1.2.2.1 for the effects of the Revert method upon the PIN column value of the C_PIN_SID object.
  - All issued SPs SHALL be deleted, and all Manufactured SPs SHALL revert to Original Factory State. Manufactured SPs in the “Manufactured-Inactive” life cycle state SHALL NOT be affected.
- Any TPer functionality affected by the life cycle state of the SP based on the templates incorporated into it is modified as defined in the appropriate Template reference section of [2], and as defined in the “State transitions for Manufactured SPs” section (see section 5.2.2.2) and “State behaviors for Manufactured SPs” section (see section 5.2.2.3) of this specification.

**Start of Informative Comment**  
Unless already in the Manufactured-Inactive life cycle state, reverting the Locking SP will cause the media encryption keys to be eradicated, which has the side effect of securely erasing all data in the User LBA portion of the Storage Device.  
**End of Informative Comment**

## 5.1.2.2.1 Effects of Revert on the PIN Column Value of C_PIN_SID  
When Revert is successfully invoked on the SP object for the Admin SP (UID = 0x00 00 02 05 00 00 00 01), the PIN column value of the C_PIN_SID object SHALL be affected as follows:  
1. If the SID authority has never been successfully authenticated, then the C_PIN_SID PIN column SHALL remain at its current value.  
2. If the SID authority has previously been successfully authenticated, then:  
   a) If the value of the “Behavior of C_PIN_SID PIN upon TPer Revert” field in the Opal SSC V2 feature descriptor is 0x00, then the C_PIN_SID PIN column SHALL be set to the PIN column value of the C_PIN_MSID object. Additionally, the “Initial C_PIN_SID PIN Indicator” field SHALL be set to 0x00 upon completion of the Revert.  
   b) If the value of the “Behavior of C_PIN_SID PIN upon TPer Revert” field in the Opal SSC V2 feature descriptor is not 0x00, then the C_PIN_SID PIN column SHALL be set to a vendor unique (VU) value.

**Start of Informative Comment**  
In the case where the “Initial C_PIN_SID PIN Indicator” and “Behavior of C_PIN_SID PIN upon TPer Revert” fields are both 0x00, the above rules for Revert are backward compatible with Opal v1.00.  
**End of Informative Comment**

## 5.1.2.3 Interrupted Revert  
The Revert method and complete implementation of necessary background operations MAY be aborted due to any reset condition, including power loss.  

When interrupted, the Data Removal Operation Interrupted bit SHALL be set to one in the Level 0 Discovery – Supported Data Removal Mechanism feature descriptor appropriately as defined in section 3.1.1.6.2.  

Further, the return status value of the Revert method does not mean that all necessary operations, such as the background deallocate, or trim, or un-map are complete.